and you don't know either I don't know
what topic I'm sure you had one topic
and that that or that mark is not
calling you out right now what do you
want to avoid were you from from
Providence Rhode Island problem Island
that was actually my first league of
legends event that I ever ever worked at
was in Providence Rhode Island
MLG probably yeah what did you want to
chat about I was here to talk about
Dhar dock and the dock narrative the
door okay what about it I'm excited I
just feel like dar dock has gotten done
like in sort of like the public
perception sorry it's like you know
sorry was I too close we lost you for a
moment yeah you said you said docks done
the public perception that we didn't
hear anything
I said I felt like Derek got done kind
of dirty in the public perception mm-hmm
how so and I feel that sort of relative
to especially in like more conventional
sports guy go in and he like has some
like attitude problems especially
someone is like I like I think Derek's
like just the craziest player ever like
I think he's such an insane town
especially for North America I just feel
like I don't know I just feel like
people were really quick to come to like
really harsh judgments on him even
beginning with just like his liquid days
when did our doctoring the leak mark
spring 2016 dom played the first game
didn't like it doc subdue in second game
week one okay so this is starter after
that spring 2016 so spring summer spring
2017 spring or summer just wants to know
what teams
he's been on during I'm just saying that
we've got you've got two years and I'm
at the professional level understanding
these kids are young
but two years in a professional level of
any other sport people would be going so
much harder on this kid are you kidding
me
if he had attitude problems if things
are going the way they're going if he's
ripping teams apart and dragging him
down and whatnot and that's the public
opinion I truly think that he would be
be trashed even harder and I think
rightfully so because your honor you
have a platform you've been gifted a
platform and if you know and a brand and
a status and and with that comes the
expectation again similar thing with
bjergsen the bjergsen didn't live up to
a lot of expectations as he was the
rising star he wouldn't be the guy he is
that is getting the criticism now in
week one the criticism in week one right
that he's getting where his brand and
his and his individuality is like his
persona is so great has been built up to
be what it is that there's an
expectation that goes along with it also
I would just say that I pretty sure doc
not even pretty sure I know da rock
plays into it well he's acting against
it now right like well yes and no again
that's what I mean by like that unifying
that unifying thing where it's like they
in that Mic Check hey if we were that
close as closest to us and we'd all be
fist fighting right now they're playing
into it that's true but I think he says
that sarcastically right because when I
feel like with the interviews that I've
done with him so far he is very much
trying to assert like yeah I have anger
problems but I'm like a good person you
can ask people you know these he's kind
of said that across both of the
interviews that I've done with them and
then even I think the echo Fox president
Jeffries has said that you know like
yeah they have some of these guys have
issues a game but they are all really
good guys so I get that they're playing
it a little bit but I would push back a
bit that he's like embracing it because
I feel like he is at least whenever I
tell you I'm trying to recover some of
that maybe I just want into that capture
mark I was gonna say the reason that
people don't give him the bed
figured out when he says that stuff is
cuz that's exactly what happened with
the mortals when they signed to a
three-year contract and they said they
believe in him and then he was so bad
that they kicked him for one split want
to address that okay as people bring
that up a lot and to Immortals he
thought he was gonna be playing with
whom he thought he was gonna be playing
with one of the best top laners in the
world I know I don't care what you think
yeah that's so Tommy organization that
doesn't justify being a douche from to
use crude language from that point
forward you're in a professional
environment this what I mean this is
what I mean when there's I don't I
recognize they're young
I recognize they're young and I you know
I am I empathize with that fact and I've
done many stupid things in my life but
when you have a platform and when you
are paid the amount that you're paid to
do a job understand this is a job you
sign a contract just like I signed a
contract to be a caster just like I
signed a contract to be a bartender you
know way back in the day I show up when
I do my job and so he may have had one
expectation and may hey be things don't
the chips don't fall the way you expect
that doesn't give you carte blanche to
just start acting the way you want and
then use it an excuse or justify it out
later because of that thing I'm with you
if we were going as hard as we are at
six months into his career I'd say maybe
we have an issue it's been two and a
half years and every team that he's
gotten on or has been on has either
removed him has cited some kind of you
know the you know issues when it comes
to communication or teamwork and those
kinds of things it's a story that seems
to be to some degree although I
recognize Travis's point in that like he
does do his point in combating it but
that's because I think that 100%
toxicity isn't like is not necessarily a
brand that's sustainable in pro sports
but 80% talks toxicity I'm again I'm
using crude language is as long as you
have those redeeming factors but I think
even the toxicity is kind of overblown
because if you look at Team Liquid right
what I finish this thought work okay I'm
just gonna I'm not saying necessarily
and or at least from the pro side what
people intend when they say buy it but
how people interpret it because on
teamliquid even Dom said the reason they
or one of the reasons that he wanted to
stop playing was because it was to work
with piglet and then you go to so I'm I
you could go more into that and people
underperforming and all this and that
but just that I think people don't take
that into account when they talk about
his time on liquid then you go to
immortals you thought he was gonna be
playing with at least mostly English
gonna chime in sorry sorry sorry this is
what's called mitigating factors and
like no situation is perfect and he has
had almost universally regarded as the
worst attitude since he has joined the
league pretty much so like every team
has problems every team if you want to
look at their players can see like oh I
didn't like this and that but why is he
not held to a standard that like
everyone else is in your mind but you
but to Mona's point they're nice look no
that's fine whether or not you look I
agree mark with you that doc in in -
that even in shitty situations you
shouldn't act shitty
because you're only making it worse
that's not a good situation but what it
can do is have spawn a bit of a
conversation around when I interviewed
our doc this weekend he said that in the
past he's always felt like an outsider
joining every team because he comes in
and he starts playing and then everybody
is like whoa because his reputation has
preceded him which makes a lot of sense
but with echo fobs he doesn't feel that
way and what is interesting to me to see
is if you take I'm oils point which is
that he's not in been in ideal
environments and that that has been a
contributing factor to his situation I'm
very curious if a different environment
and like echo Fox which he seems to feel
differently about than the past teams
he's on is going to lead him to better
success I think there's a tangent but
it's like instead of just focusing on
how shitty he's been in the past sort of
looking at you know
how do we get this guy out of this
situation I think is an intern so that's
that's fair like I don't think James or
I want him to fail or and like I've said
multiple I've always defended them as a
person I've always said doc is not a bad
person and like in that interview I
agree with that everything he said there
he has anger problems he can't control
his emotions I've never said he's a bad
teammate outside the game and like
talking like on his teammates
and like being manipulative or anything
like that I've never I've never said
that but what I've always said and I
will maintain is that he is very
articulate and he can express how these
situations make him feel very well and
it makes it very relatable to people but
it never excuses it in my mind and so
like I watched him in in scrims before
playoffs on bad champions and then
complain about it to everyone like I I
have personal experience watching this
and and I don't think I've ever seen
anyone do that and and then you know so
like I said I want Darla to succeed I
hold nothing against him but his
reputation has been earned explicitly
through his actions so here right here
let's let's pivot the conversation to
the way that we can ramp it up which is
at what point do we all think and I'm
very curious about Mario's opinion on
this as well do we all think that like
Doc has not not to steal a Tyler one
meme but when is he reformed women can
we feel like he's reformed is it when
he's on echo fox the whole year is it
when we hear nothing but good things
going into week nine about how he's
behaved I'm just kind of curious on your
guys's take on when we were just talking
about narratives for the analyst desk at
one point time do you guys feel you have
to pivot that narrative I would say you
know a combination of those things
anytime that you want to have people
redefine your perception of them you
need to prove it and not just in the
good moments but in the bad so if echo
fox is 18 and one and there's no
complaints that does less - you know
sway my opinion then if they go ten and
eight and everyone still says no he's
been great you know and I'll take I'll
take people's word for it I mean I
haven't been as close to him
as I had when he was on Team Liquid and
I've I was relatively close to certain
members on the other organizations but
you know if the people there say no he's
great then like I'll take their word for
it but two weeks is not enough and I
don't think you know oh wait am I might
be a little tougher to convince than
even mark I would say at least a split
if not a full year and again I I draw a
lot of comparisons and analogies to
traditional sports which is that like
dar doc has a history on multiple
organizations of not succeeding for a
very specific reason so to Mark's point
the narrative is deserved a current
narrative in my opinion is very much
deserved to combat that narrative to a
two-year built narrative I don't think
we can do that in two weeks I think
that's unfair to say Oh up to two weeks
of good you know let's for go ahead and
forgive everything that was and pretend
like it didn't happen in the world has
changed but with a level of consistency
hey a split in echo Fox finishes top
four in the North American LCS having
lost a few times but recovering and
performing strong to the playoffs then
yeah I think we should be coming in to
the summer split or coming out of the
spring split talking about how maybe the
doc issues personality issues are a
thing of the past a hundred percent we
should be willing to change the
narrative but to cut the historical
context of this player to what is
currently happening doesn't match up in
a way that allows me to you know to drop
the storyline of this is a guy who's who
you got a handle with care' he's
volatile and he could I think he's one
of the best junglers we got and I'm with
mark I want to see this guy succeed his
zach has been one of the dirtiest things
I've seen so far this split trust me I
want this guy to succeed I also love
that he's kind of a bad boy you know
like we need more of those in the lip oh
yeah we need double lifts we need our
docks
I want trash talkers like I think that's
a good thing just why don't you give a
negative a slightly negative persona or
narrative to a player doesn't mean it's
a bad thing man work that brand to play
that character
we need villains we need villains let's
go if he wants a talk
everybody in the league and even like
his own team to an extent that's fine
it's just like behind the scenes when
you have no reason to do that is right
well we're there now I'm oh yeah we'll
we'll get you we'll let you close out
your call here when when do you think
that yeah I know you already feel like
some of us on the serve but when would
you say doc is reformed I think I would
be very surprised if he had any issue
this year on echo Fox now these with
what's a Jared Jeffries who was the
president of operate yeah now he's with
Jared Jeffries knives with people from a
traditional sports infrastructure cool I
you think it'd be fair though to wait
till the end of the split - kind of like
determine whether or not we should drop
the narrative though because just
because he's in an org that you have
confidence in doesn't mean they'll
succeed in reforming him right yeah for
sure I wasn't talking about this from an
like analyst desk perspective right I
was from like an individual perspective
just gotcha I'm not saying you guys
should stop questioning his character or
whatever on the analyst desk but I just
more referring to on reddit and
individuals that I interact right well I
mean look you're gonna get that kind of
just because that's the Internet
and if people aren't dog fans of course
they're gonna perpetuate that narrative
but I'm with you so far so good this
season he's on track to completely
hacking slashing that narrative to the
ground and building a new brand
thank you so much for coming on the show
really appreciate and you spawned a
really really good discussions hoping me
to get a chance to talk about door talk
this episode so thanks thank you man
all right thank you much